(rain falling)
(glass shattering)
(wind whooshing)
(intense music)
(gasps)
[Iris] That's...
[Rose] They call themselves
Shadow Garden.
[Alpha] We are Shadow Garden,
and you will
stay out of our way.
[Alexia]
Iris, Shadow's powers...
What's the matter?
We're just getting started.
[Iris] You...
It was you!
(swords clash)
(people screaming)
Shadow!
(swords clash)
(music building)
(thunder rumbling)
[spectators]
What the blazes just happened?
-They're saying
a fight broke out.
-This is obviously
a terrorist attack.
-Is His Majesty all right?
[knight] We've taken all the
guests of honor to safety,
but I seriously doubt
that this battle
will remain inside the
confines of the stadium.
[Midgar] Then I may have to
consider declaring martial law.
Where is Perv Asshat currently?
He is traveling to the outskirts
of the Royal Capital.
Judging from his route,
we believe he intends to return
to the Oriana Kingdom
without stopping at the
embassy.
[Midgar]
What of the body of King Geerk?
[official]
It is safely in our custody.
[Midgar] Treat it with the
utmost care and respect.
When returning it to Oriana,
make sure to go through
Marquis Grant.
[official] A leader in the
anti-chancellor faction?
But Your Majesty, wouldn't that
risk provoking a civil war?
[Midgar] Our kingdom will need
time to fortify itself.
The darkness that has been
lurking in the shadows
of history since ancient times
has taken on a deeper hue.
We'd be foolish
to be unprepared,
and risk being
swallowed up inside it.
(thunder booming)
(hard rain falling)
(swords clashing)
(gasps)
(swords clash)
(Beatrix grunting)
(gasps)
You were standing right in
front of me.
But just as I can't focus
my attention on every
single drop of rain,
you shift, and my focus can't
tell when you move.
What's the matter?
We're just getting started.
One moment, please.
I would like to
join this contest.
A mythril blade?
Ancient runes?
An artifact?
[Iris]
Do you think it's underhanded?
No, not at all.
But to think you would
lean on that crutch...
(growls)
Shut up!
(flames whooshing)
(hyaaah)
(wind whistling)
[Shadow] I'll give you points
for the stunning visuals.
It might be just the thing for
a festival spectacular.
(swords clashing)
(tense music)
(growls)
What idiot would do that
in the middle of town?
And never mind that.
Where did that boy
wander off to?
(dramatic music)
I've escaped, but where am
I supposed to go from here?
Do I go back to the capital?
Do I join up with the
anti-Perv resistance?
[Alpha] It seems to me
that you have two choices.
(gasps)
(swords clashing)
[Iris] (hyaaah)
(explosion)
(rubble clattering)
(swords clashing)
What?
I knew it from the beginning.
She has real potential!
(swords clashing)
(electricity crackling)
(explosions)
(people screaming)
(train chugging)
(hyaaah)
All right, let's continue.
And do try not to fall off,
won't you?
(rain pattering)
[Rose] What do you mean
I have two choices?
[Alpha] The first is to
continue your fight alone.
The other is to
fight by OUR side
as a member of Shadow Garden.
Now, choose.
First, tell me this.
Do you have any intention of
saving the Oriana Kingdom?
We will do nothing to assist
you as you are now.
If you wish to
save your kingdom,
you must show us your worth.
[Rose] My worth?
[Alpha] Your worth, and the
worth of the Oriana Kingdom.
Does the Oriana Kingdom have
any chance at all?
That depends on you.
(rain falling harder)
[Rose] Please forgive me,
Father, for what I must do.
I pledge to fight alongside you.
(intense music)
(train chugging)
[Iris] Who are you?
For the love of God,
who are you?!
I am Shadow.
This name and this form that
stands before you are my truth.
[Mundane] Everything else
is just a fanciful
and fabricated fiction.
(growls)
My name is Beatrix.
Have we met somewhere before?
Who knows?
I never forget
a powerful opponent.
But are you ladies worth
keeping in my memory?
(dramatic music)
Allow me to show you the
witch's secret art.
(water whooshing)
A vampire attack?
So what, anything goes?
(hyaaah)
(flames whoosh)
(flames whooshing)
(somber music)
Wow, magic doesn't flow as well
through ordinary water.
[citizens]
What in the world is happening?
-Someone fell in the river.
(swords clashing)
Damn you, Shadow!
(chuckles)
I hope to see you again,
Mundane.
(explosions)
(dramatic music)
(swords clash)
Not this time.
Very well done.
In sword skill, you're
almost as good as we are.
But in all honesty,
your use of magic leaves
so much to be desired.
Allow me to teach you
the correct way.
(flames whooshing)
(hyaaah)
[Shadow] Are both of these
women wild animals?
[Beatrix] (gasps)
I cannot be defeated with
borrowed strength.
Beatrix,
I swear I will immobilize him
if it costs me my life.
When I do, take him down!
(thunder rumbles)
Very well, then.
Try and oppose me.
(explosion)
(hyaaah)
(haunting choral music)
(flames whooshing)
(hyaaah)
[Shadow] Amateur.
(electrical discharge)
(dramatic music)
(groaning)
(rock rumbling)
(screaming)
(triumphant music)
(thunder booming)
[Iris] (groaning) Come back...
(Iris panting)
[Iris] You have wrought havoc
all across the capital.
Do you really think I'll let
you get away with this?!
By now, every knight in the
city will have been mobilized.
Everyone in the capital,
everyone in the entire kingdom
of Midgar is your enemy!
There's nowhere left
for you to run!
(thunder booms)
(dramatic music)
(rain falling steadily)
(Shadow chuckling)
(laughter building)
(laughing maniacally)
(Shadow sighs)
Run away?
Who's running?
Running where?
WHY WOULD I RUN?!
(energy exploding)
(energy humming)
What is this?
[Iris] No, it can't be.
It's too...
(eerie music)
Play time is now over.
(thunder booms)
(energy humming)
(rain pattering)
(swoosh)
Doing this isn't going
to help anything.
Maybe that's what
you'll tell me.
But I will not stop.
I will continue down this path.
Even if I were to die now,
and then end up reborn...
I know...
(swoosh)
I will choose
the same path again.
(Shadow laughing)
(haunting choral music)
Now observe, ladies, and
witness for yourselves
my earth-shattering,
my sky-rending,
supremely ultimate, almighty,
and unparalleled attack!
(energy whooshing)
(haunting music)
[Shadow] I...
am!
(video whirring)
(explosion)
[Kagenou] I mean, this time it
really is just for show.
(huh)
(gasps)
He just went away.
(growls)
(screaming)
(energy crackling)
(sobbing)
[Sherry] "Shadow, the demon who
appeared in the Royal Capital,
was repelled by Princess Iris
and Beatrix, the Goddess
of War."
"But no clues have been found
in regard to the whereabouts
of Princess Rose,
now guilty of killing her
father, King Geerk of Oriana."
"Much remains unknown about the
secret society Shadow Garden
that aligns itself
with the demon."
"The Knight Order has
rallied all of its forces
to apprehend the man they see
as the principal offender...
...Shadow."
I swear I will,
with all my heart.
(sobbing laugh)
How could you let this happen?
Disgraceful.
I'm sorry, please forgive me.
But sir,
as long as the royal family
is in the Cult's clutches,
the girl can't just disappear
without a trace.
Now that Oriana has
lost its king,
the nation will be in turmoil.
She won't be able
to ignore that.
She's sure to come back.
And when she does-
I hope you are right.
Try not to disappoint me
yet again, Perv Asshat.
[Perv] Yes, sir.
[Goldy] You can't expect me to
stay in this lousy city.
I'm out of here.
[Quinton] Oh yeah?
So you're skipping town.
Where could you
possibly go next?
[Goldy] I'm not skipping town,
I'm moving on, and...
Honestly, you're better off
not obsessing over it.
There are many entities that
mortals cannot hope to rival.
What's more,
you are still very young, so-
[Iris] Don't worry.
The thing is, I'm not
capable of staying still.
I understand.
(bell clanging)
(steam hissing)
(whistle toots)
(train chugging)
I never found
who I was looking for.
Nothing really
worked out for me.
But there were some nice things.
I just have to take my time,
and keep trying.
So as you can see,
our plan is to blue sky
several points of concern,
and commit to
maximizing our benefits
using a limited budget.
The Knight Order is
hopelessly and frantically
searching for Lord Shadow.
That is precisely what
Lord Shadow wanted.
He's brilliantly
acting as a decoy
to distract the Midgar Kingdom.
This is to prevent them from
getting involved with Oriana.
Are we in full communication
with the other side?
[Nu] Yes, Lady Eta has
worked that all out.
[Eta] Dot, dash, dash...
[Beta] Worked it all out?
[Eta] Dot, dot, dash...
Perhaps we should
move up the rendezvous.
We have to do our absolute
best work ever for Lord Shadow.
Agreed!
All necessary preparations are
complete, Lady Epsilon.
HEEEY, BOOOSS!
[Beta] Lord Shadow is actively
involving himself now.
Let us hurry to tie up
the loose ends.
[Nu] We'll send more personnel
to investigate
and keep a close eye on the
major corporate alliance.
(Delta laughing)
[students]
How long are we gonna be using
temporary school buildings?
-Hey, have you heard?
The school reconstruction is
getting funding from Mitsugoshi.
-Do you think we'll get
new uniforms along with
the new building?
Oh hey,
whatever happened to Skel?
I'm not really sure.
He said something about
taking a long-term job.
[Cid] But the new school term
just started.
Damn it all!
When the hell am I ever gonna
get off this boat
and back on land?
[fisherman]
Pay attention, you greenhorn!
Something's got your line!
[Skel] Ah, I'm sorry, sir,
I'm really sorry!
I promise I'll
pay more attention!
I feel a storm is brewing.
(splash)
[Po] But forget Skel,
I can't believe what happened
at the Bushin Festival.
[Cid] What happened?
[Po] You know!
The Demon Shadow!
Demon Shadow?
[Po] I only saw it on my way
back from visiting my family,
but there was that glow of
a magical energy covering
the whole capital.
It was terrifying,
like the gates of Hell
had just sprung open.
Oh man,
I'm so sad I was outside it.
I wish I'd been in the city.
All those frightened
damsels in distress...
[Cid] I guess I was
a little too conspicuous.
[Po]
I'd do this with 'em, and that.
[Cid] I need to keep things
more in the shadows.
(birds chirping)
[Father] So you see, since
Claire DID win the championship,
we should celebrate.
[Mother] Listen to you,
such a caring father.
Baron Kagenou's domain...
(argument continues)
[Father]
But dear, you know him.
[Rose] Kagenou...
[Father] He's as shamelesss
as his mother!
[Mother] Did you say something,
Baldy? (loud slap)
[Father] I'm sorry!
[Alpha]
Sorry to keep you waiting.
From here on out,
we go by foot.
A Dark Knight should be able
to make it by nightfall.
[Rose] By nightfall?
Starting now?
[Alpha]
Past that mountain, through
the Therianthrope Territory,
and deeper into the woods.
[Rose] So magical beasts
infest this region?
(wind whistling mournfully)
[Alpha]
When he visited these mountains,
he battled the Mist Dragon.
What happened?
After he defeated the dragon,
he was dubbed ruler
of this realm,
and then bathed
in dragon's breath.
(wind whistling mournfully)
("Moonlight Sonata")
[Rose] Is this...
[Alpha] The ancient capital
of Alexandria,
our base of operations.
(fighters whooshing)
(swords clashing)
[Rose]
This is where Shadow Garden...
(swords clash)
[Alpha] Lambda?
We have a new recruit,
please train her.
[Lambda] Yes, Lady Alpha.
The rest all depends on you.
Show us your power.
[Rose] Uh... Um...
Number 664 and Number 665!
Hmm?
You called for us, ma'am?
We have a new recruit.
I am putting her in your squad.
Number 666!
While you're here,
that number will be your name,
Number 666.
(gasps)
You are now nothing, a nobody.
You will cast away your name,
clothing, everything,
and you will become
a pure soldier.
(sonata continues)
(swords clash)
(paper rustling)
(liquid burbling)
Was I not clear when I said
cast away everything?
(crying)
(wind whistling)
(Rose sobbing)
(sonata continues)
I have achieved my purpose.
Everything is as I wish it.
I lurk in the darkness, yes,
merely doing what must be done.
The hour of awakening
is at hand.
There is little time remaining,
only...
(sonata ending)
Yeah, I think I'm gonna do it
like that next time.
(stretches)
(chuckles)